README.md, before:


<h1 align="center">Rocketseat</h1>

<h1 align="center"><b>"Ecoleta Schema on db.diagram"</b></h1>


<h1 align="center">
    <img src="https://ik.imagekit.io/cnbmdh4b9w/ecoleta_dbdiagram_yDaHFtYor.png">
</h1>


## About
**Ecoleta** is an application developed during the NLW01( Next Level Week )at Rocketseat. 

## Motivation
The application purpose was bring to "devs" to the next level and to register recycle centers within a city. 

- Responsiveness was applied using media queries. 



## Technologies used
- Html5 
- Css3 
- Node.js
- [Git bash for windows](https://gitforwindows.org/)
- PostgreSql
- [db diagram](https://dbdiagram.io/d)

 
## Instructor: 
[Mayk Brito](https://github.com/maykbrito)

## Link to Rocketseat repo:
['Ecoleta' application](https://www.notion.so/Front-end-7c8a1a9a6df547058f1473f899a3b9c4)

## Layout: 
Developed by [Thiago Luchtenberg](https://www.instagram.com/tiagoluchtenberg/) and you can check it out on:


## Notion files:

[NLW1]()

[Frontend]()

[Backend]()

[Database]()
## To clone: 



- Clone this repository:
$ git clone 

- Save it on C: drive
- Enter in directory: $ cd Ecoleta

- Install dependencies: $ npm install

- Execute application: $ npm start

- Open your browser in: http://localhost:5500/


## To contribute:
- Fork the project 

- Create a new branch with your changes: $ git checkout -b my-feature

- Save your changes and create a commit message explaining your changes: $ git commit -m "feature: My new feature"

- Submit your changes: $ git push origin my-feature

## Extra Mile:

Commit message:

feat: added a page indicating a point was created successfuly.

README.md, after:


<h1 align="center">Rocketseat</h1>

<h1 align="center"><b>"Ecoleta Schema on db.diagram"</b></h1>


<h1 align="center">
    <img src="https://ik.imagekit.io/cnbmdh4b9w/ecoleta_dbdiagram_yDaHFtYor.png">
</h1>


## About
**Ecoleta** is an application developed during the NLW01( Next Level Week )at Rocketseat. 

## Motivation
Practice web development in order to reinforce and acquire more knowledge.

- Responsiveness was applied to the pages using media queries. 
- A form to create "recycleable points" within the city. Verb POST was used.
- A page indicating that a recycle point was created successfully, then, after 2s, setTimeout function redirects it to the create-point page.
- If for any reason an error occurred while creating a recycle point, a simple message is displayed to user indicating an error. (To be improved.) 
- A search page shows the results of "recycleable points" that were filtered by "city name" or "recycle point's name".
- A pseudo element was applied on "search results page" to embelish the layout. 

## Future improvements:

- Create a link, then a page to edit a recycle point and include an option to delete.
<h1 align="center">
    <img src="https://ik.imagekit.io/cnbmdh4b9w/Edit_ecoleta_68LGRS8ui.png"/>
</h1>

-  Apply a function "confirm", so user will need to confirm the deletion, otherwise, event.preventDefault()

- Add lottie files animaton to replace the success message, on the "point-created" page. 
- Apply visual message on html, when something goes wrong.
- Apply regular expression to validate whether the url typed for the image is a valid URL.

## Technologies used
- Html5 
- Css3 
- Node.js
- [Git bash for windows](https://gitforwindows.org/)
- PostgreSql
- [db diagram](https://dbdiagram.io/d)
- IBGE API to fetch Brazil States and Cities
 
## Instructor: 
[Mayk Brito](https://github.com/maykbrito)

## Layout on Figma: 
['Ecoleta' application](https://www.notion.so/Front-end-7c8a1a9a6df547058f1473f899a3b9c4)
Developed by [Thiago Luchtenberg](https://www.instagram.com/tiagoluchtenberg/) 


## To clone: 

- Clone this repository:
$ git clone 

- Save it on C: drive
- Enter in directory: $ cd Ecoleta

- Install dependencies: $ npm install

- Execute application: $ npm start

- Open your browser in: http://localhost:5500/
